gh-116938: Clarify documentation of `dict` and `dict.update` regarding the positional argument they accept (#125213)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

     ``dict([('foo', 100), ('bar', 200)])``, ``dict(foo=100, bar=200)``

   If no positional argument is given, an empty dictionary is created.
   If a positional argument is given and it defines a ``keys()`` method, a

>    dictionary is created by calling ``__getitem__`` on the argument with each

Reviewer: you can link to https://docs.python.org/3/reference/datamodel.html#object.__getitem__ here

```suggestion
   dictionary is created by calling :meth:`~object.__getitem__` on the argument with each
```

   returned key from the method.  Otherwise, the positional argument must be an
   :term:`iterable` object.  Each item in the iterable must itself be an iterable
   with exactly two objects.  The first object of each item becomes a key in the new

>    dictionary, and the second object the corresponding value.  If a key occurs more

Reviewer: nit: I'd prefer "element" over "object"

```suggestion
   with exactly two objects.  The first element of each item becomes a key in the new
   dictionary, and the second element the corresponding value.  If a key occurs more
```

     ``dict([('foo', 100), ('bar', 200)])``, ``dict(foo=100, bar=200)``

   If no positional argument is given, an empty dictionary is created.
   If a positional argument is given and it defines a ``keys()`` method, a
   dictionary is created by calling :meth:`~object.__getitem__` on the argument with
   each returned key from the method.  Otherwise, the positional argument must be an
   :term:`iterable` object.  Each item in the iterable must itself be an iterable
   with exactly two elements.  The first element of each item becomes a key in the
   new dictionary, and the second element the corresponding value.  If a key occurs
   more than once, the last value for that key becomes the corresponding value in

>    the new dictionary.

Reviewer 2: What is the point of using double spaces after periods? I see this is also present in the original .rst. Is there a special meaning for this?

Reviewer: There [used to be a convention](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sentence_spacing) to put two spaces after a period. It's been slowly dying out for a long time now, but you still see it a lot in older pieces of writing. (This article in the Python docs is very old.) The most important thing is to stay consistent in whatever article you're editing at any one point in time; consistency between articles on this point is not a goal for CPython's docs.

Reviewer 2: I see. There was two spaces after period on line 4673 (4675 right now), but after this PR it is gone, should it be added back?

Reviewer: I really wouldn't worry about it too much :-)

      Update the dictionary with the key/value pairs from *other*, overwriting
      existing keys.  Return ``None``.

      :meth:`update` accepts either another object with a ``keys()`` method (in
      which case :meth:`~object.__getitem__` is called with every key returned from
      the method). or an iterable of key/value pairs (as tuples or other iterables
      of length two). If keyword arguments are specified, the dictionary is then

>       updated with those key/value pairs: ``d.update(red=1, blue=2)``.

Reviewer 2: There is a premature period on line 4674 after closing brace.

Reviewer: Good catch! Want to file a PR to fix it?

Reviewer 2: #125421
